---
title: Project Overview
author: Suhas Devmane
date: 2020-07-22
category: Talking Buildings
layout: post
order: 1
---

Traditional conversational agents have limited ability to respond to different user intents when interacting with smart buildings.The uniqueness of each building, coupled with the heterogeneity of built environments, makes it difficult to universally adapt communication methods. To address this problem, a possible solution is to develop a conversational agent capable of understanding physical, logical and virtual assets in the built environment, with the aim of establishing a standardized method of communication. Current smart building ontologies and metadata description schemes aim to give smart buildings a common language for the rapidly growing number of devices in smart buildings.
This research paper focuses on developing a comprehensive smart building framework that integrates chatbot-driven natural language interactions into smart buildings. The framework uses SPARQL to query the Smart Building Knowledge Base (KB) and interact with buildings using a chatbot. To create an ontology, an environmental sensor network testbed was set up using an ontology representing a smart building to evaluate the answer to the question. We have used transformer-based machine learning (ML) models to translate the natural language queries into SPARQL queries and summarize combined SPARQL and natural language queries, which produced promising performance. Our aim is to extend this model to support heterogeneous building types represented by smart building ontologies. By integrating chatbots into smart building systems on the edge, users can interact in natural language, provide real-time information, and detect potential threats without the need for specialized knowledge. The source code is available anonymously